Update README.md file to include new feature and change readme file name to uppercase. (#4)
elasticpath/docusaurus-snapshot-version: README.md

The command uses the following conventions for managing static assets:

#### Docs-Specific Static Assets

- All static assets for the "next release" are at the root of the `docs/assets/` directory as a flat structure, that is, there are no sub-directories.
- All static assets for "versioned docs" are at the root of the directory `docs/assets/version-<version-number>/` in a flat structure, that is, there are no sub-directories.

  Ideally, the versioned assets would reside with the versioned documents (i.e. `website/versioned_docs/version-<version-number>/assets/`), but this cannot be achieved without changing the core logic of Docusaurus V1.

#### Site-Specific Static Assets

> - All static assets are at the root of the `website/static` directory. Once a static asset type is versioned, a `next` directory for the "next release" and a `<version-number>` directory for the versioned files are generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This refers to files in `website/static/` directory. Any directories at this location can be "versioned" if the path is specified. If a directory is versioned, it will be in the same location but under `<version-number>` and `next` (for next release) directories accordingly.

For example: if `website/static/dir1` directory is being versioned, files from that directory will be in following directories:

- `website/static/dir1/next`
- `website/static/dir1/<version-number>`

Any subsequent versioning will copy files from "next" release (`website/static/dir1/next`) into the new release (i.e. `website/static/dir1/<new-version-number>`

```

- All static assets are at the root of the `website/static` directory. Once a static asset type is versioned, a `next` directory for the "next release" and a `<version-number>` directory for the versioned files are generated.

When you execute the `docusaurus-snapshot-version` command, the following steps are performed:

1. In the "next release" directory:

  - Adds a new line to the end of all `*.md` files.

>   - Adds a new line to the end of the `website/sidebars.json` file.

Reviewer: Undo the chnages to indentation

2. Creates a new version in the `website/versioned_docs/` directory by running the following command: `docusaurus-version`

   Because all the Markdown files and the `sidebars.json` file contain a change (the new line), Docusaurus copies all the files from the "next release" location to the "new version" location.

3. Removes the new lines that were added in step 1 for both the "next release" and the "new version".

> 

Reviewer: Let's remove this extra blank line.

4. Copies all the files from the `docs/assets/` directory (without any sub-directories) into the `docs/assets/version-<new-version>/` directory.

> 

Reviewer: Let's remove this extra blank line.

5. In the `website/versioned_docs/version-<version-number>/` directory, updates all the documents containing image references to point to the new assets directory created in the previous step.

6. If site-specific static asset types are included in the versioning, there are two scenarios:

    1. If the static asset type has never been versioned before, then a new `next` directory and a new `version-<version-number>` directory is created. If the static asset type has been versioned before, then only a new `version-<version-number>` directory is created. In the first case, everything from the static asset type directory is copied into the `next` directory. In both cases, everything from the `next` directory is copied into the `version-<version-number>` directory.

>     2. Then the references to the static asset files in the `docs` directory and `versioned_docs` directory are updated accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's try to simplify this

> 

Reviewer: Remove extra blank lines.

> ## Usage

Reviewer: Let's move this section at the top (above Concepts).

1. Add this module to your Docusaurus project:

- Yarn: `yarn add https://github.com/elasticpath/docusaurus-snapshot-version.git --dev`
- Npm: `npm install https://github.com/elasticpath/docusaurus-snapshot-version.git --save-dev`

> > **Note**: At the moment, this tool is not published to npm registry. We can add a git repository as a dependency.

Reviewer: Let's undo the indentation changes

- All static assets for "versioned docs" are at the root of the directory `docs/assets/version-<version-number>/` in a flat structure, that is, there are no sub-directories.

  Ideally, the versioned assets would reside with the versioned documents (i.e. `website/versioned_docs/version-<version-number>/assets/`), but this cannot be achieved without changing the core logic of Docusaurus V1.

#### Site-Specific Static Assets

Site-specific static asset files are in the `website/static/` directory, and static directories at this location can be versioned.

- If a static directory is versioned for the first time, everything in the static directory is copied into the `<version-number>` and the `next` (for next release) directories. These new directories are under the same static directory.
- If a static directory has been versioned before, everything in the `next` directory is copied into the `<new-version-number>` directory.

e.g. Once `website/static/img` directory is versioned, files from that directory are in the following directories:
- `website/static/img/next`

> - `website/static/img/<version-number>`

Reviewer: Re-reading this, should we perhaps use a different folder name as an example. In our case, we are interested in versioning "javadocs" being stored there. Maybe that's a more practical example because normally docs images would be used in the "Docs-Specific static assets". What do you think?

Author: Yeah let's do that because Javadocs is the reason why we had to implement these new features anyway.

>    > Any subsequent versioning will copy files from "next" release (`website/static/img/next`) into the new release (`website/static/img/<new-version-number>`)

Reviewer: Add a blank line above this block-quote
